He has heard before you're admitted, didn't he?
Yes, sir.
He did.
I was not there, I was there.
I know you weren't there, Mr. Staden's security.
You discussed this with us, and you know about it, did you not?
I was.
Why, you removed him from the loyalty panel after he was called before our committee, didn't you, sir?
I don't recall it. I'll look it up and say.
Did you hear me, Mr. Sutter?
I don't remember.
Brother, you removed the man from the loyalty panel.
After he was called before our committee, and after he was exposed,
so I've had communist connections.
I was, I'm a party, I have a lot of things to do with Secretary Army, and I don't know about every move or every rotation
that's made off of loyalty for him.
I'll look it up and see if I can find out the fact, but I do not throw it around in my mind, I simply can't.
Would you consult Mr. Adams to give other information?
But to Adams will test the final point.
Mr. Stevens, you told us a dozen times, and I'll let you let all these people around just so you can get the information that you can't remember.
I want to know whether or not you're moved.
Why, I want to know whether or not you're moved.
Why, I want to let Mr. Adams test the fly on the thing, but he knows about first hand.
This Secretary might be so slow to turn around and ask you.
You're first your recollection, because you are the family order.
I think Mr. Adams should be allowed to test the fly on the thing that he knows about first hand, and if it is not a thorough proper procedure,
for me to continually have to be satisfying on things that Mr. Adams knows and it's a positive pull me.
Mr. Secretary, any amicably just, if that thing will be helpful to you in pancing that question.
Now the question appears to be very simple.
And it is whether or not you know that a member of your security lawyer, the board, was removed from the board.
I think he had been questioned in a session of the McCarthy Investigating Committee.
Now, do you know of your own knowledge, or from what Mr. Adams told you?
Are any other person told you whether or not such a thing occurred?
I know Mr. Jenkins that there are changes in those boards repeating.
After whether or not there was a change made immediately after a man paid before us and in the McCarthy Committee, I honestly don't know.
That's a perhaps a partial answer.
And Mr. Secretary, however, not a four-witcher.
And the question, have I faced the question correctly?
Yes, of course, Mr. Secretary.
Now, Mr. Secretary, there's no disposition on my part that caught anyone we're trying to get along.
And the question is this, I repeat, do you either know of your own knowledge or do you have information from Mr. Secretary?
No, I don't. I cannot remember whether or not to remove that after that.
That's what I'm about to say.
Mr. Chairman, is that a mistake?
Yes, that's a mistake.
Mr. Chairman, is it true that you point the members of that board?
There are recommendations made for me, and I think it's my thought, Mr. Chairman.
It's a part of my name.
So it's in there removed in your name?
That's right.
Well, I just asked you, do you the fact that you can't remember whether or not to remove this man?
Move the fact that you are the man who let it take the action.
I merely asked you to refresh your recollection by bringing him to Mr. Adams as you did just now.
And I'm not talking about any action in this madam's part.
I'm talking about action on your part that you and you alone can testify to.
I just say you don't remember.
I ask you now if you won't refresh your recollection by turning to one of them.
The busy layers you have around you.
And then after doing that, if you still can't tell us, well and good.
I think Mr. Adams will testify on that.
For Mr. Secretary, there is no objection on the part of anyone.
I'm sure none on the part of the committee.
He is now turning to Mr. Adams and having him refresh your recollection on that point of impact.
I'd like to make a move here before I do that there are thousands of actions taken in the name of the Secretary of the Army for the Earth War for the Navy, but they know nothing about.
It's just utterly inconceivable that a Secretary of military departments will possibly know of all the actions that are taken in his name.
If I don't know about the removal of one man from one board, it's no unusual thing.
Let me assure you there would be no criticism of your father's concern merely suggesting that no harm can come now from a 10 minute conference with Mr. Adams to determine whether or not he can refresh your recollection and make a nice on something else.
Mr. Secretary, I may like a very clear on behalf of the Sun Committee.
Certainly, we think your statement is 100% correct.
There must be a great many action you take if you cannot remember that you're taken in your name.
And certainly there is no criticism of you.
The planning because you're aged to have brought with you that we have suggested you properly brought with you for that purpose.
To consult with you, you can be expected in oil.
And the interest of moving you're hearing along is when you need your consultant's company.
It's certainly nothing you prefer about your asking.
For Mr. Adams, before he works for the purpose of pacifying, he's to be a witness.
You know, there is a lot of money that you both see out here.
Now, for a hair, they first have special knowledge and certain fields that I may want to refer to and are not expected to be one.
You may consult with any of the age, you may have had an intimidation, you get to see age in here.
We look like elements.
So I found a conversation with the Assistant to look at it.
There's a difference between refreshing a man's recollection, which is always proper.
And this is the goal of something that he does not recall and will expect to be repeated.
Powerful as to this committee.
I don't suppose, Mr. Adams, electing him a question will actually be expected.
Like I found it out along with Mr. Wershund, there are many other subjects.
I certainly see no objection to it.
All right?
He's been a lot of time discussing it and it could have been determined in just a minute to go out.
So many to go out and say.
I just don't, this is somewhat extensive discussion I'm having here.
Not just the yesterday, no business.
And I don't feel that I'll be able to answer that question for a considerable period of time until I go into it and get the facts and come back here.
It's prepared to testify.
If that's what you want me to do, I'll put Mr. Adams on about him.
Mr. Chairman, ask him just five minutes.
I'm not sure that'll be long enough.
All right.
The Secretary, there's nothing that would be long enough.
May the Secretary just, if that question requires, along the country, even in five minutes,
that you make your turn to switch in during the question to easy and we defer the answer that particularly questions are tomorrow.
The other, as you know, would be to refer to the Secretary's recollection.
Mr. Secretary, can I ask?
To refer to recollection.
Mr. Chairman, I will.
I have to say that you call the President now that he's held what?
What is wrong?
I have no objection now.
The rest of their certain facts have been proven by more than one witness.
And apparently, the Senator has a right to question the Secretary's on the witness stand.
And the fact that Mr. Adams knows about it does not seem to like to say, being asked about it.
Tell me I have this question for the Secretary's part.
Here's the re-objection.
On the part of the McCarthy staff, Senator McCarthy's staff.
For the purposes of refreshing the Secretary's recollection, and in order to enable us to get along,
the right to name a rep person and not make it public now, and place it to him and letting him see that name and see whether or not that profession is.
Not only did we write his name, but I believe we furnish Mr. Stevens' council.
Well, if we rewrite it now and place it to him and not make it a matter of public record,
and if that does not replace his recollection, I would say nothing would and that we ought to place to another point of inquiry.
Mr. Jack, as I just want to make it clear that this is a...
This is not one of the thousand, okay?
This is...
I'm sorry, I shouldn't have been so...
We'll be no further talk.
Now, if you look at that...
If you look at this, Mr. Secretary, can I ask you whether or not you and I,
doesn't discuss this particular case at the Pentagon today, you invited me and my staff over for lunch.
I don't recall having seen that name before.
Will you recall that you've called me later, and if you don't recall I wish you'd checked your monitor, called me.
You've called me an apologize for the safety of Mr. Adam to make it a fact that he said that this man did not spend this charge.
Half-line told the President he had been this charge.
How sure I have no recollection.
No recollection at all.
That's correct.
Now that you have the name of this man, Mr. Stevens, and you, the bank, if you are the individual,
who removed and if he was removed,
you are the manager of the final action.
Said you turn around and talk to Mr. Adams.
I assume he can refresh your recollection because Mr. Welk said this stated that Mr. Adams had testified of it.
With my am asking you the answer is because it is your act, not Mr. Adams.
Just turn on talking.
Now, I'll take it.
I'll take some time.
This is a complicated saying.
I'm not about to help the no answer.
Now, if you want to be fresh for a while, then you talk to Mr. Adams about being left,
but you come back.
I'll take this now, Mr. Chairman.
To take it.
To the purposes of resolving brilliant family and for all time,
thanks to this one question that we do have the Secretary of mouth and the same.
And call Mr. Adams for the one specific question of one only.
And that is whether or not a member of the law of his security forward was removed from that panel,
the answer he has been questioned by as a representative of the party investigating the case.
Maybe as you get to our objection, I think that the figures you will be following Mr. Adams is standing for.
I'm just following the first testimony about Mr. Welk's proposal and that he must be looking for help in doubt.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. David did?
Mr. Adams, did you know to testify on the one point of local?
Mr. Adams, on the one point of all,
you have seen the name of the gentleman with his cousin, have you not?
I have.
You've seen that on the floor of the table.
We just handed up the Mr. Stephen.
I have.
And for this man, a member,
I just mentioned a member of the Lawy of the Security Council.
The Lawy of the Security Screening Board of the Office of the Secretary of the Army,
who had the answer where you present in New York on the 30th day of our poll,
1953, when this member of the Lawy of the Security Training Board of the Secretary of the Army
gave testimony and answered questions, put it in concerning his own permanent front activity.
I was present in New York when this man was interrogated.
If your question needs further amplification,
because there is some difference of opinion as to whether or not he was on the Lawy of the Security Screening Board at that time.
May I explain it fully?
Yes, sir.
I would first ask you that did he not say on that day that he was then and there a member of the Lawy of the Security Screening Board?
And I have reference to say, I think 14...
14, 20 of this testimony was referred to you with Mr. Walter's request from two days ago,
so you could be prepared, especially.
Was that not the testimony of this gentleman on that day?
Are you speaking of this testimony?
Is this testimony from your stenographic transcript in New York on October 30th?
Yes, so I'm asking you whether or not this man, when he was interrogated by us in New York, is not safe.
I am still a member of the Lawy of the Security Screening Board.
I have another notified that I am still eligible to fit.
I have no recollection of it if you have a transcript in which he said that,
that is the best evidence, but I repeat, sir, I should like an opportunity to amplify my answer.
Well, certainly, sir, say anything you think would care for our lives.
The individual was a member of the Secretary's Lawy of the Security Screening Board.
In about February of 1953, he sat on the last panel in which he ever participated.
During the summer of 1953, some facts of a minor derogatory nature against the individual came to be attention to.
The first of the people who managed the operation of the board.
At that time, they ceased to select the men for participation.
subsequent to the time that that information came to attention, he never again participated as a member of the board.
His name was not removed from the board.
A letter was submitted to this committee in response to an inquiry in September over the signature of the director of legislative liaison major general relievers.
which listed among the members of the board with individuals.
Yes, sir, I have a time.
Any out-to-need, Mr. Cohn?
At that time, the letter came to my attention and consultation between my office and the officials in the Army who handled the law of the security screening board matters were undercaten.
The officials at that time pointed out to me.
I first pointed out to them that back at this name had been submitted by the former member.
I was assured that the individual was no longer participating.
I was so reassured that the simplest method of dropping the individual from the lowerly screening board was to wait until the new procedures established the new board which was due in a very few weeks.
In the meantime, not to wait for the individual on any panel.
That was the procedure which was followed.
The loyalty, security screening board was abolished in about November of 1953.
When a subsequent board with a different name was established, the new individual was wronged and that individual was not one of them.
I repeat, sir, subsequent to February of 1953, the individual sat on no lowerly panel.
The time has expired. I wonder if in the interest of progress by unanimous contempt we could agree that Mr. Cohn have another ten minutes to complete his inquiry.
Is there a picture? If anybody else has any questions, sir, I would be happy to wait.
Does anybody have any questions?
Mr. Stadden, then, if I understand the situation, this man whose name shall remain anonymous.
While merely, technically, a member of the Lawyer of the Security Board had not technically been removed therefore, but had not participated in the hearing and was facing the bomb any cases whatsoever since February 1950.
That's right. That's right, sir. And for the reason, that information had come to the attention of the proper officials indicating that perhaps he should not serve until his own name was cleared.
And so he just said, I'm just going to say initially that there was information of a manager, a regulatory manager, a manager.
That's all I have to say. Chair has no questions, Senator McClellan?
Yes, sir. The question seems to be directly the secretary.
This man, I believe, was on the board. Was we at the same secretary's, Regent, so far? Yes, sir.
Yes, sir. I think he was. I'm not sure, but he was.
I think we should share that out. He was on the panel for a long time, maybe 18 months or so.
Well, February 1953, you say he didn't serve any after-ass.
When did the secretary see the firm secretary on the first of February?
About the first of February. That's correct.
Apparently he didn't serve very long after the secretary came to know if this is actually right.
He did not participate, sir.
He was on the board. He was called at participate.
You're correct, sir.
Then you looked up your records and asked if they in and what meetings he did participate as the secretary even became secretary of the army.
That can be done.
So why is that information? I'll be glad to see.
One question, Mr. Adams.
Do the members of the lawy board enjoy a GSA rating?
Are they classified?
The lawy security screening board consists of civil servants and officers of the army.
And the board is rather large. It's about 20 or 25 people.
And groups are selected who are known as panels to sit on the separate case.
And a list of about 20 or 25 people may be selected to be on the lawy screening board for a period of two years.
And during that period, one of the individuals from the board may sit on only three or four panels.
And may consider as few as two or as many as ten cases as a participant while the whole board with the...
total 25 people may consider 250 between those.
We're going to listen to the individual.
Mr. Wax may have participated in three, four or five decisions during the time he was on.
And he had his extracurricular activity that he did as a civil servant.
In 2010, however, leaders, fiscal calls came in on.
This list from the government service?
Or to the lawy board.
Or this list of some of the sensitive work.
Or he can be removed from the lawy board by an auditory action of the secretary,
which is done by this abortment to the secretary who assigned the responsibility.
Or just as any other civil servant, he can be discharged for any one of the reasons that the civil service has.
And an officer of the Army also can be removed from the lawy board.
He didn't serve on the...
What is the screening board?
The screening board.
Well, I don't think he's screening board.
Out of February, 53, what did he do?
Well, he was a permanent employee in...
I don't think he was...
No, no, he was on...
He was a permanent employee on other days.
He's still employee where he was employed.
And from time to time, maybe once every three months, he was called on the telephone and said,
you're on another panel, you're to come here and fit for two days and listen to this.
So his boss would let him go and he would come to this meeting and listen to one, two or three cases
and participate with the panel in aid decision.
And then he would go back to his regular work.
In other words, the panel job was not a full-time job.
I know he was a very short job.
What's like to hang around and making...
Having the responsibility for just collecting community checks.
What do you think he's doing?
You're asking for a specified work now?
No, well, he is doing work...
I shouldn't answer you because I don't know what his assignment is at the moment.
Is that your partner?
Mr. Adam, is this employee...
Is there an investigation to make of the charges against him?
Is there a regulatory material by a minor nature?
Is there an investigation that was made of him?
Insofar as I know it was, I do not know what the conclusion was.
I should repeat, sir.
I am not in the security business, and the matter was in the hands of the security division
which has the responsibility.
What the ultimate decision in the case of that individual was, I do not know.
I have not seen the individual since last October.
October, and there has been no reason for his name to come up until the last couple of weeks.
So I've been on this.
It was not worth the building where I worked.
Do I understand or say that he was a bit in the employee?
Yes, sir.
And there is your loyalty.
Review of civilian employees, different from the military employees.
There is a difference, yes sir.
That's all.
Okay.
Do you understand?
Mr. Adam, did you say that the last time, as a man, that was served on a loyalty board was in February 1953?
That is what I said, sir. I should say.
I don't know that from looking at the record myself.
I know that from talking to the people who managed the loyalty board activity.
I did not personally look at the file and see that his last participation was in February 1953.
I was told that by the responsible officials.
Will you check the records and find out?
I will, sir.
You therefore, most certainly do not know the date of the last time he did not say it.
What day did the secretary of the Army become secretary of the Army?
Was he confirmed and went to work?
I think it was February 4th, sir, but I'm not sure.
For a lot of them, I would like to...
The secretary, I said you were happy.
That was just the secretary.
For all of you, the sole of my colleagues, not...
Too much to prove, but would you mind turning and asking for the secretary to even defeat the members of the day that he was February 4th, 1953?
I have a question, Mr. Chairman.
Senator Dwight, sir.
Mr. Welch.
Mr. Higgins.
Mr. Sinclair.
Thank you.
I am a lawyer at the Department of Justice and the State Board of the State Department of Justice.
I told him the first thing.
You have to listen to the case.
You have to make Mr. Ex-testify the Bureau of the Last Family of Saddam,
and I will have to wait until March, right in 1953.
On page 1440, there is a statement from Mr. Cohn.
Now, for how long the period of time did you serve in any capacity on the Screaming Board, Mr. Ex- Responded?
From April 1952 until I think the last panel I saw, I think it means I sat on, was along in February for March of 1953.
I have not sat on a panel since February for March 1953.
Mr. Higgins, in the words of Mr. Ex from the transcript, Mr. Cohn just posted.
And when was it Mr. Adams and Mr. Ex-testify before the so-called McCartic Test Committee?
October 30th, 1953.
Thank you very much.
Mr. Cohn, Mr. Sir, Mr. Adam.
Is it not a fact that on the day that Mr. Ex were calling him here,
he testified in New York on October 30th.
He at that time had full security clearance.
He handled classified materials and was a member of the Loyalty Security Screaming Board.
Technical or however he would have.
Mr. Cohn, you have been in the office for a long time.
I'm sorry. I'll break him down until, too far, sir.
Is it not a fact that Mr. Ex himself testified that he at the very moment he was testifying at full security clearance?
I have not read the transcript since...
I don't think I've ever read the transcript.
My recollection is that he did testify that he had security clearance.
I might say to Mr. Cohn, as we submit as transcripts.
I think today, I think you have it now.
I'll make sure to request his recollection.
And then I'll ask him to retire the end.
Remember, I'll give the two days to read.
Mr. Cohn, Mr. Cohn, Mr. Adams, I would ask if you could glance at the copy of the transcript and refresh your recollection.
And tell us whether or not Mr. Ex did not say he had security clearance.
Give us the pay.
Please pay the bill.
I would suggest you look at the pay 1420.
The Duman Television Network is bringing you through its facilities, the Army McCarthy Subcommittee hearings.
We pause now for station identification.
This is the Duman Television Network.
WABD, Gen. 5, New York.
One, two, the second question on page 1420.
Then I'd ask you to follow that up with...
We weren't furnished to transcripts of page 1420.
There our transcript begins on page 1428.
1448.
May I see the copy of that?
Yes, I'd like to record to note that the entire transcript was supplied.
There is a different representation on the copy that was made up for Mr. Adams.
Can you bring the pay and I'm bringing up...
I think we can do that rather properly.
I've now been furnished with the copy that cards fund exactly with the copy Mr. Adams has and so far of pay and I'll bring it.
And I'll return to him the copy we gave him and I'll use it.
Very good.
Then he will refer to the page number and the very language we should give him and move along.
We'll see if we can get the copy.
We'll see if we can get the copy we gave him and I'll use it.
Very good.
Then he will refer to the page number and the very language we should give him and move along more rapidly.
Wow, we're waiting for it.
Sir, I have no past testimony that Mr. X sat on 4th on 14 May 1952.
One on 17 June 1952.
One on 13 November 1952.
And one on 19 February 1953.
This is Steven Secretary of the Army on that day.
Yes, he had been for 15 days.
Yes, sir.
Now Mr. Adams may I direct?
Just Mr. Adams, we're concerned not merely with Mr. Steven, but with all of those who have been handling these matters over the past number of years, we're still there.
Let me ask you this. Do you know what I left?
Mr. X voted in each one of the cases, or he was a member of the security panel to clear, clear, and everyone was coming to this question.
It would not be competent fifth of money in addition to that.
That was not competent.
Sorry, did any criteria to address you?
Well, Mr. Steven, then it is objective to Mr. Steven.
Mr. Steven.
Mr. Tim, this is not a trial of Mr. Steven.
This is not a trial of Mr. Steven's.
I meant to put those in the Pentagon.
Well, then there will pass number of years are still there.
We're charged with security.
And who let him and I like Mr. X sit on these panels with the records that you have.
Mr. Chan, in order to know what I think finished please.
This is not a trial of Mr. Steven.
I think he's one of the minor characters in this trial matter.
It's all happening.
It's all happening because it's in name and they both are over there.
But I am interested in the individuals who have been there who have been clearing communists for secret work.
And if you just restrict us to the date Mr. Steven took over, it's rather a useless investigation.
The senator is broadening the scope of inquiry now to perhaps include hundreds and thousands of additional parties and members.
I say Mr. Chairman that Mr. Steven says the party in interest and Mr. Adams says and that those two parties are the only parties in interest who are now in the Pentagon.
Mr. Chan, I think the senator's question is entirely out of order.
And I advise the Chairman to overdo that, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, Chair, could you really like the end of the point of order?
I thought we'd mind if I tried to law fit the point of case within the judge's announcement rule for the point of the defendant.
Would you like to hear from me even though you have made your mind?
I can't say that I'm coveting the opportunity, but if you want to be heard, you have that right.
Mr. Chairman, the contention which I've made over and over and over over the past number of months is that somebody is trying to cover up his improper conduct some of the Pentagon that they're using a fine, not overly experienced secretary.
As their tools leads individuals really, I don't know, but there's somebody definitely afraid of being exposed.
And in order to show the supply of the issuance of the Federalist Report and Mr. Cohen, we've got to move the background amendment like Ken Silver.